Did you know? A reservoir in space holds 140 trillion times the amount of water in Earth's oceans.
Did you know? The largest volcano in the solar system is three times taller than Mount Everest.
Did you know? The smallest unit of measurement in the universe is the Planck length.
Did you know? Great white sharks are so scared of killer whales that they'll avoid an area for up to a year after spotting one.
Did you know? Beavers have transparent eyelids so they can see underwater.
Did you know? The stars and flashes of light you see when you rub your eyes are called phosphenes.
Did you know? Lightning can heat the air it passes through to 50,000 degrees
Did you know? If you heat up a magnet, it will lose its magnetism.
Did you know? Your brain is sometimes more active when you're asleep than when you're awake.
Did you know? The odds of getting a royal flush in poker are 649,739 to one
Did you know? A banana is a berry (and a strawberry isn’t)
Did you know? A blue whale's tongue weighs as much as an elephant.
Did you know? The loudest animal on earth is the sperm whale.
Did you know? The hashtag symbol is technically called an octothorpe.
Did you know? The Sahara is the largest non-polar desert in the world. It is comparable in size to China or the United States.
Did you know? Whether measuring by size (0.17 sq mi) or population (1,000), Vatican City is the smallest country in the world.
Did you know? The heart of a shrimp is located in its head.
Did you know? India and China are the only countries in the world with populations above 1 billion people.
Did you know? The medical term for a gurgling stomach is “borborygmus
Did you know? Earth’s highest point on land (Mt. Everest), and lowest (Dead Sea), are both found in Asia.
Did you know? With 94% identical DNA, Chimpanzees are the closest living relatives to humans.
Did you know? It takes light from the Sun 8 minutes to reach Earth.
Did you know? Elephants can’t jump.
Did you know? It is physically impossible for pigs to look up into the sky.
Did you know? Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different.
Did you know? The giant squid has the largest eyes in the world.
Did you know? It takes a sloth two weeks to digest food.
Did you know? Clocking in at 1,560 words, ""Rap God"" by Eminem is the song with the most words.
Did you know? SPAM actually stands for spiced ham.
Did you know? You're taller in the morning than at night.
